docs: :memo: add landing page to website (#107)
seedcase-project/seedcase-flower: index.qmd

---
toc: false
page-layout: custom
---

::::: landing-page-block
:::: hero-text
::: text-center
![](_extensions/seedcase-project/seedcase-theme/logos/flower/icon.svg){fig-alt="Seedcase Flower logo."
width="150px"}

![](_extensions/seedcase-project/seedcase-theme/logos/flower/font.svg){fig-alt="Seedcase Flower font."
height="50px"}

## Display your Data Package metadata in a human-friendly way

[Overview](/docs/index.qmd){.btn .about-link} [Explore
guide](/docs/guide/index.qmd){.btn .about-link}
:::
::::
:::::

:::: landing-page-block
::: {#hero-heading}
{{< include /docs/includes/_badges.qmd >}}
:::
::::

::::: hero-banner
:::: landing-page-block
::: hero-text
Flower is a Python package and command-line interface (CLI) that takes a
[Data Package's](https://datapackage.org/)
[JSON](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON) metadata and generates
structured, human-readable documents from it.

## :sparkles: Key features

> -   Create structured and human-friendly documents from a Data Package's

Reviewer: Interesting! This made me do some research and I learned it is a "legacy pandoc" thing called the "four space rule". In the commonmark spec, they have [abandoned it as the default](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.31.2/#motivation) in favor of what they consider a more natural way of writing lists. This can also be seen if we run pandoc with the `commonmark` format:

<img width="698" height="841" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/baeac2b0-5994-4d4d-bc81-525ebf46e4b6" />

I guess we don't need to fix anything here since it would be annoying to undo the automatic changes from visual mode each time you switch (and it's still not technically wrong to write with four space in commonmark I think), but in the future when we rely on rumdl for formatting instead, we can maybe go with the commonmark default and use one space after list item markers?

    `datapackage.json` file.
-   Use through the command line for convenience, speed, and automation.
-   Has multiple opinionated built-in styles for the output, but also
    has a very flexible and powerful way to create your own custom

>     styles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Comes with multiple built-in styles and supports custom styles with [Jinja2](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/) templates.
```

> -   Display the contents of a `datapackage.json` file in a

Reviewer: I think this point is related to the first one, so I would place this either first or second in the list.

Reviewer 2: I would say second 🥈

---
toc: false
page-layout: custom
---

::::: landing-page-block
:::: hero-text
::: text-center
![](_extensions/seedcase-project/seedcase-theme/logos/flower/icon.svg){fig-alt="Seedcase Flower logo."
width="150px"}

![](_extensions/seedcase-project/seedcase-theme/logos/flower/font.svg){fig-alt="Seedcase Flower font."
height="50px"}

> ## Transform your Data Package metadata in a human-friendly way

Author: Great question :thinking: hmmmm

## :sparkles: Key features

-   Create structured and human-friendly documents from a Data Package's
    `datapackage.json` file.
-   Display the contents of a `datapackage.json` file in a
    human-friendly way directly in the terminal.
-   Use through the command line for convenience, speed, and automation.
-   Comes with multiple built-in styles and supports custom styles with
    [Jinja2](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/) templates.
-   Configurable through the `.flower.toml` file for reproducible
    document generation for your Data Package.

Flower focuses on generating documents. For rendering, publishing, or
deploying, see our
[`template-data-package`](https://template-data-package.seedcase-project.org/).
:::
::::
:::::

::::: landing-page-block
:::: hero-text
## About the Seedcase Project

Flower is part of the [**Seedcase
Project**](https://seedcase-project.org), which helps research projects
manage and process data in line with the
[FAIR](https://www.go-fair.org/fair-principles/) principles.

This package works as a standalone tool but is also integrated into our
[`template-data-package`](https://template-data-package.seedcase-project.org/)

> template, which makes it easier to setup, build, and manage a Data

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
template, which makes it easier to set up, build, and manage a Data
```

::::: hero-banner
:::: landing-page-block
::: hero-text
Flower is a Python package and command-line interface (CLI) that
generates human-readable documentation from your [Data
Package](https://datapackage.org/) metadata.

## :sparkles: Key features

-   Create structured and human-friendly documents from a Data Package's
    `datapackage.json` file.
-   Display the contents of a `datapackage.json` file in a

>     human-friendly way directly in the terminal.

Author: Yea, we seem to be a bit inconsistent. Maybe always lowercase? It also seems to be inconsistent across blogs, websites, and docs everywhere, so at least there's some inconsistency there too :stuck_out_tongue:
